So now let's talk a service that I wish wasn't named
like this, but is named like this.
It's the Cognito Identity Pools,
also called Federated Identities.
And I wish it wasn't named like this
because it's so not the same as a Cognito User Pool,
but it's under the same umbrella of Cognito,
which I don't like, but it's just my personal opinion.
Let's try to understand what Cognito Identity Pools are.
So, our users are outside of our AWS environment,
and there can be a web application users,
or mobile users, and they want access to stuff
within our AWS environments.
So for example, they want to have access
to DynamoDB table, or an S3 bucket.
And so to access these things,
they need temporary AWS credentials.
So we cannot create normal IAM users for these users
because there are too many of them,
it doesn't scale, and we don't trust them.
So instead, we're going to give these users access
to AWS through a Cognito Identity Pool.
So this identity pool can allow your users to log in
through a trusted third party.
And that could be a public provider,
for example, log in with Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple,
or even allow the users that are already logged in
with the Amazon Cognito user pool,
or even allow OpenID Connect Providers and SAML Providers,
or finally, the Developer Authenticated Identities,
which is a custom login server.
So, on top of all these login providers,
to allow to give our users an identity
before they trade it for AWS credentials,
we can allow unauthenticated guest users access into AWS.
So it is possible for us to define a Guest Policy,
and give our guest users AWS credentials.
So, once the users have obtained these AWS credentials,
then they can access the AWS services directly,
with an API call using an SDK, or through the API gateway.
So these credentials, these credentials that the users get,
they have an IAM policy that is defined by what we do
in Cognito Identity Pools, and they can be customized
based on the value of the user ID, for fine grained control.
And we see this in this theory lecture.
So, I'll try to make it as simple as possible.
So we have a web and mobile applications,
and they want to access our private S3 Bucket,
and a DynamoDB Table.
But we want to make sure the users first get
credentials of AWS, but we don't wanna create
an IAM users for these applications.
So what do we do?
We're going to leverage Cognito Identity Pools,
but first, we want the users to get a login
and obtain a token out of this login.
So we will allow our users to connect,
for example, to a Cognito User Pool,
or to connect to Google login, Facebook login,
so for social identity providers,
or SAML, or OpenID Connect.
So they will login with any of those.
They will get a token, and they will go
and talk to the Cognito Identity Pool service
to exchange the token for temporary AWS credentials.
So first, the identity pool will verify
the login with whatever provider we have defined,
and then, once it's validated, the Cognito Identity Pool
will talk to the STS service to get temporary
credentials for our web and mobile application users.
Once this is done, the credentials are returned
to our applications, and they can use,
and directly access AWS, thanks to these credentials,
and the associated IAM policy.
So this is very simple, and a big difference
from what Cognito User Pools are,
but you see there is a lot of common,
especially around the identity provider.
So, the question is, how does it work, if I use
Cognito Identity Pools with Cognito User Pools?
So here's the answer.
We have the same diagram.
We want our users to connect to a Private S3 Bucket,
or DynamDB Table, but we want their identity
to be stored in Cognito User Pools.
Okay, so this is the same diagram as before,
but I'm just expanding into Cognito User Pools.
So they need to login and get a token.
And why would you do this?
Well, I do, because we want all our users
to be centralized in the Cognito User Pool database,
so it could be an internal database of users,
or we can also enable social identity providers,
SAML and OpenID Connect,
as Federated Identity Providers,
for our Cognito User Pools,
but none the less, all users are going to show up
in my Cognito User Pool.
Then, our web and mobile application users
can exchange the adjacent web token obtained
from Cognito User Pools, into the Cognito Identity Pool,
for credentials, so there will be verification
of these token, and then talking to the STS service
to get these credentials that will be returned
to our web and mobile applications.
And then, thanks to these credentials,
we will have direct access into AWS.
If you understood this, I'm so happy,
and you're good to go for the exam.
So, how does Cognito Identity Pools
decide which role to apply to which user?
Well, we can define a default IAM role
for both authenticated users, and guest users.
So that means the guest users will have one IAM role,
and the other will have another one's IAM role.
And we can define rules to choose which role
goes to which user, based on the user ID.
And then we can customize the IAM policy,
thanks to using policy variables,
and this will be allowing us to make sure
that the users will only get access to what they need
in DynamoDB or Amazon S3, for example.
These IAM credentials, as we said in the previous slide,
are obtained by Cognito Identity Pools through STS.
And the roles must have a trust policy
of Cognito Identity Pools for it to work.
So, I'll make it a bit more concrete,
here is an example.
So we want to give our guest users access to AWS,
so we want to create an IAM policy, for example,
that would allow any guest user to do a get object
on a bucket for my picture, the jpeg.
So this would give us, for the guest users,
access to AWS with a very simple,
and obviously restricted, IAM policy.
Then, for the authenticated users,
you can define a policy variable on Amazon S3,
so our users are connected,
but we want to make sure that they only have access
to a prefix in your S3 bucket,
that represents what the user's identity is.
So, as such, you can use a policy variable,
like here in green, and this is allowing
our user to only access within the bucket we've defined,
anything that starts with a prefix of its user ID.
So effectively, we gave the user access,
only to what it can access, thanks to his, its user ID.
And we can define the same on DynamoDB.
So here's a sample policy, on which we allow
the user to do anything it wants on DynamoDB,
from my table, as long as the leading key
for DynamoDB is corresponding to the user ID of the user.
So effectively, we've done row-based security,
thanks to this IAM policy.
Now these are advanced, but I just wanted
to give you a sneak peek into how they worked.
So that's it for this theory lecture.
In the next lecture, we're going to practice
Cognito Identity Pools.